YOU MAY NOT
KNOW THAT BATON
TWIRLING IS A COMPETITIVE SPORT.
THE 56 ANNUAL BATON TWIRLING
CHAMPIONSHIPS ARE GOING ON THIS
WEEK HERE AT WHO ELSE DO WE
SEND, THE K
ING OF THE REVERSE
FIGURE 8 -- BRIAN HICKEY IS
THERE.
IT IS NOT JUST
REGIONAL
COMPETITION FOR NATIONAL
COMPETITION IS GOING ON RIGHT
HERE.
AND THEY COULD GO TO AN
INTERNATIONAL COMPETITION TO ARE
JUST WRAPPING UP AS SET HERE
INSIDE THE STOCKTON ARENA.
PEOPLE HAVE COME FROM ALL OVER
THE COUNTRY OR THESE ATHLETES
JUST FINISHED UP.
WE WILL GET MORE ACTION IN A
SECOND.
HERE IS A JUDGE.
WE HAVE LEENA STONE.
WHAT ARE YOU SHOWING OFF?
THESE ARE CALLED POPS.
YESTERDAY YOU
WON YOUR
FREESTYLE, TITIAN.
IT IS AN EVENT, AND
IT IS
PREPARING TO DO IT MY SISTER DID
, GOING TO THE WORLD
CHAMPIONSHIPS IN THE FUTURE.
AND YOU ARE GOING TO THE
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS IN ENGLAND.
CORRECT, I CANNOT WAIT.
IT WILL BE IN A COUPLE WEEKS
PURE WE WILL BE REPRESENTING
TEAM USA.
I AM NERVOUS WATCHING THIS.
HOW DO YOU HANDLE THAT PRESSURE
ON SUCH A BIG STAGE? YOU HAVE
TO REMEMBER THAT YOU PRACTICE
DAY IN AND DAY OUT PREPARING FOR
THIS.
YOU HAVE IT.
IT IS ALL A MENTAL GAME FROM NOW
ON.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DROP?
YOU JUST HAVE TO KEEP
BREATHING AND REMOVER THAT YOU
CAN DO IT.
STAY READY FOR THE NEXT TRICK.
I KNOW MY SONG FOR THE DANCE
TWIR ANDRL, --
TWIRL, AND THAT IS
GOING TO BE "LET IT GO HER COPE
YOU ARE A WORLD CHAMPION.
THIS IS AMAZING COMPETITION.
IT IS.
THESE GIRLS COME FROM ALL OVER
THE COUNTRY AT WE HAVE ATHLETES
FROM AGE OF FOUR ALL THE WAY UP
TO ADULTS.
I MET A GIRL WHO
CAME FROM
MARYLAND, AND THEY COME FROM
EVEN FARTHER THAN THAT.
THAT IS RIGHT.
AND THESE KIDS MAKE FRIENDSHIPS
AND THEY SEE EACH OTHER ONCE A
YEAR.
IT IS A GREAT EVENT.
I WAS JUST WATCHING SOME OF
THE YOUNGER ATHLETES OUT HERE
THIS MORNING DURING THE NATIONAL
ANTHEM.
AS A COACH, HOW DO YOU PREPARE
THEM?
THERE IS A LOT OF
PSYCHOLOGICAL TALKS I HAVE WITH
THEM.
LIKE WITH ANYTHING, ESPECIALLY
WHEN THERE IS AN OPPORTUNITY TO
DROP SOMETHING, AND
TEAM SPORTS,
THERE IS ALWAYS A BALL OR
SOMETHING INVOLVED, AND THESE
GIRLS HAVE ONE TO FOUR BATONS TO
WORRY ABOUT.
IT TAKES PRACTICE OVER AND OVER
AGAIN.
THE LAST DAY OF THE CONTEST
IS
SATURDAY.
AND IT IS FREE ADMISSION TO
COME AND WATCH.
WE WELCOME ANYONE TO WATCH.
I THINK YOU WILL BE SURPRISED
AT
THE SPORT.
AND THE AIR-CONDITIONING IS
ON IN HERE, NICE AND COOL.
BUT MAKE NO MISTAKE, THE
COMPETITION IS HOT, ESPECIALLY
WHEN THE STONE SISTERS TAKE TO
THE FLOOR.
YOU HAD TO USE YOUR BIG
ANNOUNCER VOICE.
I DO NOT WANT SUMMER TO DROP
THEIR BATON AND I GET BLAMED FOR